# 1731. The Number of Employees Which Report to Each Employee

## 📝 Problem Statement

### Table: `Employees`

| Column Name | Type     |
|-------------|----------|
| employee_id | int      |
| name        | varchar  |
| reports_to  | int      |
| age         | int      |

 - employee_id is the column with unique values for this table.
 - This table contains information about the employees and the id of the manager they report to.  - Some employees do not report to anyone (reports_to is null). 
 

For this problem, we will consider a manager an employee who has at least 1 other employee reporting to them.

Write a solution to report the ids and the names of all managers, the number of employees who report directly to them, and the average age of the reports rounded to the nearest integer.

Return the result table ordered by `employee_id`.
 

There is a queue of people waiting to board a bus. However, the bus has a weight limit of 1000 kilograms, so there may be some people who cannot board.

Write a solution to find the person_name of the last person that can fit on the bus without exceeding the weight limit. The test cases are generated such that the first person does not exceed the weight limit.

Note that only one person can board the bus at any given turn.
 
### Example Input:

Input:  
Example 1:

Input: 
Queue table:

| person_id | person_name | weight | turn |
|-----------|-------------|--------|------|
| 5         | Alice       | 250    | 1    |
| 4         | Bob         | 175    | 5    |
| 3         | Alex        | 350    | 2    |
| 6         | John Cena   | 400    | 3    |
| 1         | Winston     | 500    | 6    |
| 2         | Marie       | 200    | 4    |

Output: 

| person_name |
|-------------|
| John Cena   |

Explanation:
The folowing table is ordered by the turn for simplicity.

| Turn | ID | Name      | Weight | Total Weight |
|------|----|-----------|--------|--------------|
| 1    | 5  | Alice     | 250    | 250          |
| 2    | 3  | Alex      | 350    | 600          |
| 3    | 6  | John Cena | 400    | 1000         | (last person to board)
| 4    | 2  | Marie     | 200    | 1200         | (cannot board)
| 5    | 4  | Bob       | 175    | ___          |
| 6    | 1  | Winston   | 500    | ___          |



## 💡 SQL Solution

```sql


WITH AccumulatedQueue AS (
    SELECT person_name, SUM(weight) OVER (ORDER BY turn) AS accumulated_weight
    FROM Queue
)
SELECT person_name FROM AccumulatedQueue
WHERE accumulated_weight <=1000
ORDER BY accumulated_weight DESC
LIMIT 1;

SELECT
  M.employee_id,
  M.name,
  COUNT(E.employee_id) AS reports_count,
  ROUND(AVG(E.age)) AS average_age
FROM Employees AS M
INNER JOIN Employees AS E
  ON (E.reports_to = M.employee_id)
GROUP BY 1
ORDER BY 1;
