# 1907. Count Salary Categories

## ðŸ“ Problem Statement

### Table:  `Accounts`

| Column Name | Type |
|-------------|------|
| account_id  | int  |
| income      | int  |

 - account_id is the primary key (column with unique values) for this table.
 - Each row contains information about the monthly income for one bank account.
 

Write a solution to calculate the number of bank accounts for each salary category. The salary categories are:

"Low Salary": All the salaries strictly less than $20000.
"Average Salary": All the salaries in the inclusive range [$20000, $50000].
"High Salary": All the salaries strictly greater than $50000.
The result table must contain all three categories. If there are no accounts in a category, return 0.

Return the result table in any order.

### Example Input:

Input: 
Logs table:

| id | num |
|----|-----|
| 1  | 1   |
| 2  | 1   |
| 3  | 1   |
| 4  | 2   |
| 5  | 1   |
| 6  | 2   |
| 7  | 2   |

Output: 

| ConsecutiveNums |
|-----------------|
| 1               |

Explanation: 
 - 1 is the only number that appears consecutively for at least three times.

## ðŸ’¡ SQL Solution

```sql

WITH LogsNeighbors AS (
    SELECT *,
          LAG(num) OVER(ORDER BY id ) AS prev_num,
          LEAD(num) OVER(ORDER BY id) AS next_num
    FROM Logs
 )
 SELECT DISTINCT num AS ConsecutiveNums
 FROM LogsNeighbors
 WHERE num = prev_num AND num = next_num; 

SELECT 'High Salary' AS category,
       COUNT(*) AS accounts_count
FROM Accounts
WHERE income > 50000

UNION ALL

SELECT 'Low Salary' AS category,
       COUNT(*) AS accounts_count
FROM Accounts
WHERE income < 20000

UNION ALL

SELECT 'Average Salary' AS category,
       COUNT(*) AS accounts_count
FROM Accounts
WHERE income BETWEEN 20000 AND 50000;
