# 550. Game Play Analysis IV

## 📝 Problem Statement

### Table: `Activity`

| Column Name  | Type    |
|--------------|---------|
| player_id    | int     |
| device_id    | int     |
| event_date   | date    |
| games_played | int     |

 - (player_id, event_date) is the primary key (combination of columns with unique values) of this table.
 - This table shows the activity of players of some games.
 - Each row is a record of a player who logged in and played a number of games (possibly 0) before logging out on someday using some device.

Write a solution to report the fraction of players that logged in again on the day after the day they first logged in, rounded to 2 decimal places. In other words, you need to determine the number of players who logged in on the day immediately following their initial login, and divide it by the number of total players.

The result format is in the following example.

 

Example 1:

Input: 
Activity table:
+-----------+-----------+------------+--------------+
| player_id | device_id | event_date | games_played |
 - Each row of this table contains the id of a user and the contest they registered into.
 

Write a solution to find the percentage of the users registered in each contest rounded to two decimals.

Return the result table ordered by `percentage` in **descending order**. In case of a tie, order it by `contest_id` in **ascending order**.

### Table: `UnitsSold`

| Column Name   | Type    |
|---------------|---------|
| product_id    | int     |
| purchase_date | date    |
| units         | int     |

 - This table may contain duplicate rows.
 - Each row of this table indicates the date, units, and product_id of each product sold. 
 
Write a solution to find the average selling price for each product. `average_price `should be rounded to 2 decimal places. If a product does not have any sold units, its average selling price is assumed to be 0.

Return the result table in **any order**.

---

## 📥 Example Input

Input: 
Users table:

| user_id | user_name |
|---------|-----------|
| 6       | Alice     |
| 2       | Bob       |
| 7       | Alex      |

Register table:

| contest_id | user_id |
|------------|---------|
| 215        | 6       |
| 209        | 2       |
| 208        | 2       |
| 210        | 6       |
| 208        | 6       |
| 209        | 7       |
| 209        | 6       |
| 215        | 7       |
| 208        | 7       |
| 210        | 2       |
| 207        | 2       |
| 210        | 7       |

Output: 

| contest_id | percentage |
|------------|------------|
| 208        | 100.0      |
| 209        | 100.0      |
| 210        | 100.0      |
| 215        | 66.67      |
| 207        | 33.33      |

Explanation: 
 - All the users registered in contests 208, 209, and 210. The percentage is 100% and we sort them in the answer table by contest_id in ascending order.
 - Alice and Alex registered in contest 215 and the percentage is ((2/3) * 100) = 66.67%
 - Bob registered in contest 207 and the percentage is ((1/3) * 100) = 33.33%

## 💡 SQL Solution

```sql

SELECT r.contest_id , ROUND(COUNT(DISTINCT r.user_id)*100.0 / (SELECT COUNT(*) FROM Users),2) AS percentage
 FROM  Register r GROUP BY r.contest_id
 ORDER BY percentage DESC, contest_id ASC;

WITH
  Players AS (
    SELECT player_id, MIN(event_date) AS first_login
    FROM Activity
    GROUP BY 1
  )
SELECT ROUND(
    COUNT(Players.player_id) / (
      SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT Activity.player_id)
      FROM Activity
    ),
    2
  ) AS fraction
FROM Players
INNER JOIN Activity
  ON (
    Players.player_id = Activity.player_id
    AND DATEDIFF(Players.first_login, Activity.event_date) = -1)
