# 1280. Students and Examinations

## 📝 Problem Statement
Write a solution to find the number of times each student attended each exam.

Return the result table ordered by `student_id` and `subject_name.`

### Table: `Students`

| Column Name   | Type    |
|---------------|---------|
| student_id    | int     |
| student_name  | varchar |

 - student_id is the primary key (column with unique values) for this table.
 - Each row of this table contains the ID and the name of one student in the school.
   
   
### Table: `Subjects`


| Column Name  | Type    |
|--------------|---------|
| subject_name | varchar |

 - subject_name is the primary key (column with unique values) for this table.
 - Each row of this table contains the name of one subject in the school.
   

 ### Table: `Examinations`

| Column Name  | Type    |
|--------------|---------|
| student_id   | int     |
| subject_name | varchar |

 - There is no primary key (column with unique values) for this table. It may contain duplicates.
 - Each student from the Students table takes every course from the Subjects table.
 - Each row of this table indicates that a student with ID student_id attended the exam of subject_name.

---

## 📥 Example Input

Input: **Sales**


| sale_id | product_id | year | quantity | price |
|---------|------------|------|----------|-------|
| 1       | 100        | 2008 | 10       | 5000  |
| 2       | 100        | 2009 | 12       | 5000  |
| 7       | 200        | 2011 | 15       | 9000  |

**Product table**

| product_id | product_name |
|------------|--------------|
| 100        | Nokia        |
| 200        | Apple        |
| 300        | Samsung      |


Output: 

| product_name | year  | price |
|--------------|-------|-------|
| Nokia        | 2008  | 5000  |
| Nokia        | 2009  | 5000  |
| Apple        | 2011  | 9000  |

Explanation: 
From sale_id = 1, we can conclude that Nokia was sold for 5000 in the year 2008.
From sale_id = 2, we can conclude that Nokia was sold for 5000 in the year 2009.
From sale_id = 7, we can conclude that Apple was sold for 9000 in the year 2011.

---

## 💡 SQL Solution

```sql

SELECT p.product_name, s.year ,s.price FROM Product p JOIN Sales s
ON s.product_id = p.product_id ;

SELECT s.student_id , s.student_name, sub.subject_name ,
    COUNT(e.student_id) AS attended_exams
    FROM Students s 
    CROSS JOIN Subjects sub 
    LEFT JOIN Examinations e
    ON s.student_id = e.student_id AND sub.subject_name = e.subject_name
    GROUP BY s.student_id ,s.student_name,sub.subject_name
    ORDER BY s.student_id ,sub.subject_name;
