# 1661. Average Time of Process per Machine

## 📝 Problem Statement
There is a factory website that has several machines each running the **same number of processes** . Write a solution to find the average time each machine takes to complete a process.

The time to complete a process is the `'end' timestamp` minus the `'start' timestamp`. The average time is calculated by the total time to complete every process on the machine divided by the number of processes that were run.

The resulting table should have the `machine_id` along with the **average time** as `processing_time`, which should be **rounded to 3 decimal places.**


Return the result table sorted in `any order.`


### Table: `Activity`

| Column Name    | Type    |
|----------------|---------|
| machine_id     | int     |
| process_id     | int     |
| activity_type  | enum    |
| timestamp      | float   |

 - The table shows the user activities for a factory website.
(machine_id, process_id, activity_type) is the primary key (combination of columns with unique values) of this table.
  - machine_id is the ID of a machine.
  - process_id is the ID of a process running on the machine with ID machine_id.
  - activity_type is an ENUM (category) of type ('start', 'end').
  - timestamp is a float representing the current time in seconds.
  'start' means the machine starts the process at the given timestamp and 'end' means the machine ends the process at the given timestamp.
  - The 'start' timestamp will always be before the 'end' timestamp for every (machine_id, process_id) pair.
 - It is guaranteed that each (machine_id, process_id) pair has a 'start' and 'end' timestamp.

---

## 📥 Example Input
Input: 
Visits

| visit_id | customer_id |
|----------|-------------|
| 1        | 23          |
| 2        | 9           |
| 4        | 30          |
| 5        | 54          |
| 6        | 96          |
| 7        | 54          |
| 8        | 54          |

Transactions

| transaction_id | visit_id | amount |
|----------------|----------|--------|
| 2              | 5        | 310    |
| 3              | 5        | 300    |
| 9              | 5        | 200    |
| 12             | 1        | 910    |
| 13             | 2        | 970    |

Output: 

| customer_id | count_no_trans |
|-------------|----------------|
| 54          | 2              |
| 30          | 1              |
| 96          | 1              |

Explanation: 
 - Customer with id = 23 visited the mall once and made one transaction during the visit with id = 12.
 - Customer with id = 9 visited the mall once and made one transaction during the visit with id = 13.
 - Customer with id = 30 visited the mall once and did not make any transactions.
 - Customer with id = 54 visited the mall three times. During 2 visits they did not make any transactions, and during one visit they made 3 transactions.
 - Customer with id = 96 visited the mall once and did not make any transactions.

As we can see, users with IDs 30 and 96 visited the mall one time without making any transactions. Also, user 54 visited the mall twice and did not make any transactions.

## 💡 SQL Solution

```sql

SELECT s.student_id , s.student_name, sub.subject_name ,
    COUNT(e.student_id) AS attended_exams
    FROM Students s 
    CROSS JOIN Subjects sub 
    LEFT JOIN Examinations e
    ON s.student_id = e.student_id AND sub.subject_name = e.subject_name
    GROUP BY s.student_id ,s.student_name,sub.subject_name
    ORDER BY s.student_id ,sub.subject_name;



SELECT machine_id, 
       ROUND(AVG(end_time - start_time), 3) AS processing_time
FROM (
    SELECT machine_id, process_id,
           MAX(CASE WHEN activity_type = 'end' THEN timestamp END) AS end_time,
           MAX(CASE WHEN activity_type = 'start' THEN timestamp END) AS start_time
    FROM Activity
    GROUP BY machine_id, process_id
) AS process_times
GROUP BY machine_id;

